When I was a kid, I went to the library one day and I got this book, and
it showed me all of the salaries that people make. I was a musician
at that time, I never played any music or instrument, but like I
knew that you know, like I was really involved in music and I wanted
to. So then I saw how much musicians make and it's very very low, and
okay well I'm artist at least you know like maybe about drawing,
I get my art history from my mom and I looked at their salaries and
it was very low. So then I set shut that book and then I kind of gave
up on looking at salaries for awhile. A question that I would have,
a question that I wish I would asked someone, is what are the different
salaries that people can make and how can I become more involved
in getting those high paying, those high paying jobs. And not only
that, let's say I wanted to be an artist or a musician, how do I enter
that field without being discouraged by their salaries. So how
can I follow my passion without being disheartened by financial figures.